[Client1] I decided to marry Rudi
because no matter how tired or drained I am...
...going home to him feels like
sinking into the most comfortable couch.
[Chuckle]
[Martin] In my opinion, it's hard.
People can have all sorts of theories
about why two people are compatible or whatever.
But when you meet the person
who's really meant for you...
...it just feels different.
[Interviewer] Do you think sex is important?
Of course! Super important.
I wouldn't want to marry someone
who doesn't even like hugging.
[Client 2] Yeah, I think that's a really important point
that helped Sasa and I decide to get married.
[Dara] He's the best.
Really?
He knows exactly what I like most.
That's only half of it, you know.
Sex without affection is like...
...needing calories from food,
but getting it through an IV.
You don't chew it, you don't enjoy it.
[Interviewer] So how long
have you guys been married?
Two months.
But I'm sure that even after 20 years...
...it will still feel the same as today.
Not just in 20 years, a thousand years.
[Laugh]
[Smooch]
[Music]
[Martin] Guys, listen up. Hey, you guys too.
[Martin] Listen, make sure this item is secure.
[Martin] Don't let it get damaged or anything.
Understood?
Your salaries combined with mine for 10 years...
...still won’t be enough to replace it
if it gets ruined.
- [Staff 1] Alright, understood, sir.
- Understood?
- Understood, sir.
- Okay?
- [Anton] Grab some equipment from the back.
- [Staff 2] Yes, Sir.
Mr. Martin.
Hey, Nina. You startled me.
Sir, I need to take a day off work,
so I won't be in tomorrow.
Yeah, I know.
Your parents are coming to the apartment, right?
Oh, yeah, they are.
But not until tomorrow, so...
My apartment's empty.
You should come over and clean up there maybe?
You're looking for trouble.
You know where to find me.
[Chuckle]
Oh, Nina. Bye!
[Music]
[Martin's sigh]
[Anton] I don't really know how it feels, Tin.
But don't straight guys think Nina is super hot?
Totally hot.
[Chuckle]
- Why?
- You're not making any moves?
- What do you mean?
- Like, anything, Tin.
What's your point?
Come on, Ton.
I'm sure you still believe in monogamy, right?
I do, Tin.
So?
I feel like your relationship with Dara
isn't on fire anymore.
You haven't had sex in a while, have you?
[Huh]
What's that supposed to mean?
How did you know?
Just look at your face, Tin.
You can't tell the difference
between someone who gets it regularly...
...and someone who's dried up?
[Martin] You're making stuff up.
Mrs. Tuti, wait a sec.
Can you help judge between the two of us.
Which one of us looks like
they have the healthier sex life?
[Mrs. Tuti humming]
[Mrs. Tuti] Springtime.
Dry season.
Now, leave me alone.
[Anton] Thanks, ma'am!
You need help.
You're the sick one.
You're the one who needs help, jerk.
- Seriously. Wait, wait.
- What now?
This thing can help you.
The cake.
You're nuts. Are you crazy?
This is for women.
You want my wife to pleasure herself?
I'd be done for.
There's an app for it.
You can download it. When your wife is using it….
You can be the one controlling that thing,
you know?
- Seriously?
- Yeah. Though I've only used it once.
- Ick! You jerk.
- No, no, I'm joking, I'm joking!
Just kidding, I couldn’t fit into that anyway.
It's too small for me, Tin.
- [Anton] Just give it a try. Please?
- Why don't you try it? I'm working.
- Seriously, Tin.
- No.
[Anton] Tin! Seriously, Tin. I've got the app.
[Martin] Use it on yourself then!
[Music]
[Crowd noises]
[Anton] I’ve worked here for years
and I still get checked every time I leave.
- [Anton] Don’t you ever feel offended, Tin?
- [Martin] Nope. Better to be safe than sorry.
- I'll see you later, Mr. Martin.
- All right, Nina.
- [Security 1] Sorry, Sir, I need to check your bag.
- Sure.
What's wrong? Did you steal something from here?
No, just seems like they don't trust us.
That's the attitude of a thief, right there.
[Security 1] Mr. Martin, excuse me, what is this?
[Music]
- That's...
- [Security 2] Sir...
[Martin] You son of a bitch!
[Martin] A toy, sir.
[Security 2] What kind of toy?
[Security 1] Not a contemporary art piece, right?
Contemporary piece?
[Martin] Of course not!
Are you seriously accusing me?
No, sir.
- It's just a toy.
- [Security 1] Oh right, it has a button.
[Security 3] You really don't know what this is?
[Security 2] No idea, ma'am.
- Oh my God, this is that thing.
- What thing?
That thing!
[Music]
"The Toy".
- [Security 2] What toy?
- What toy? I mean...
It's a toy for dogs!
Right, Mr. Martin?
[Awkward chuckle]
[Security 2] So, what do dogs do with it?
This uses an app. Hold on...
The dog bites it, then it vibrates,
and dogs love that.
- [Security 3] That's basically how it works.
- She knows, bro!
- [Security 1] Can I try it?
- Go ahead.
[Security 1] Let me try it.
Can I try it out, Sir?
[Security 3] Turn on the power first.
[Humming, vibrate noise, laugh]
[Security 1] The sensation is kind of different.
I like it.
Let me try it, it's my turn now.
[Security 1] You FOMO guy!
- [Security 2] Turn it on.
- I'm turning it on now.
[Vibrate noise, music, humming, laugh]
Now it's my turn again.
Ma'am, just one more time, okay?
Right when I was enjoying it...
- Mr. Anton, do you want to try it too?
- No, thanks.
[Security 1] It feels so good, harder please.
[Tari] Come on, you should come with me.
You're clearly burned out.
- [Dara] I'm not burned out.
- [Tari] Come on, be honest.
No one bakes cupcakes every day
unless they're burned out.
Honestly, I feel really bad for you.
You used to have this cheerful, perky look.
And now? You look like you're not
getting enough, you know?
Yeah, I'm definitely not getting enough.
Seriously? It's that bad?
Don't tell me you're still hot for Tony
like before you got married.
Honest to God, I still am, totally. So good.
[Music, children noises, clink]
- For real?
- For real!
If I don't ask for it, my husband does.
[Tari] Yeah, like twice a week.
[Dara's sigh]
I'm so confused.
[Dara] Why do I feel like
I'm drifting apart from Martin?
I mean, not in the relationship.
It's just sexually.
[Cough]
Well, then you have a problem in your relationship.
[Tari] Okay, here's an idea.
Try doing things you used to do
when you were dating.
- Like going on dates or something?
- Tried it.
It didn’t work, we just ended up
glued to our phones, doing work.
Then don't bring your phones.
Leave the phones in the car.
[Door open]
[Martin] Hey, Tari’s here.
So if you’re here, then where is Tony?
- At his second wife's house, right?
- God forbid.
Hey, honey.
- Speaking from experience?
- [Martin] What experience are you talking about?
I can't even deal with this one here.
Then stop observing her, and start enjoying her.
[Music]
Sorry.
[Tari] Barney, sweetheart, let's go home.
[Barney] Bye-bye, Auntie.
[Music]
[Dara] Hi, guys!
[Crowd noise]
[Grandma] Come here, sweetheart.
[Grandpa] Beautiful kid.
[Family member 1] So pretty.
[Crowd noise]
[Kid] Hello!
[Martin] Finally, we meet.
- [Family member 2] Do you guys gather like this often?
- Very often.
Every time Dara's grandparents call,
the whole family comes.
Hi.
By the way, congratulations on joining our big family.
It really is big. Thanks, Tin.
I don't have a family like this, who meet often.
[Grandma] Okay, family. Let's gather together.
[Grandpa] Hey, kids, come here. Let's go!
Come on.
[Family member 3] Hurry up.
Come, sweetheart.
[Grandpa] Here we go.
Look at this one.
[Family member 4] Who's this?
[Crowd noise]
This is a family tradition.
Grandma and Grandpa always ask us
to send them videos.
From each of us. All different ones.
[Crowd noise]
[Family member 5] He's doing it twice!
[All] It's done.
[Crowd noise, clap]
Barney!
That's awesome!
[Mom] Why don't you two send videos
to Grandma and Grandpa anymore, Dara?
We've been busy, Mom.
[Dad] Well, if you can't, Martin can.
How hard is it to film what the kids are doing?
Or film yourselves, doing something.
[Crowd noise]
[Grandma] That's just how my grandchild is.
Low profile.
With all their success,
their humility is even more impressive.
The lower they bow, the more filled they are.
Filled with more, right?
[Grandma] Yes!
[Tari] Wait. Are you pregnant?
[Mutter]
[Dara] No.
Sorry.
[Laugh]
[Music]
[Click]
[Dara] Honey, what are you doing?
Hold on, babe.
[Soft thud]
[Sound of footsteps]
[Dara] Why are you in your pajamas?
[Chuckle]
[Click]
[Smooch]
We haven't had sex in 6 months.
[Huh]
[Martin] Six months?
[Dara's exclaim]
Has it been that long?
Back then, this could grow long...
[Martin's groan]
Back then?
No, I mean I'm just tired, babe.
Probably sleep-deprived.
You used to be sleep-deprived in the past too
and it could still grow long.
[Chuckle]
I know.
[Martin's exclaim]
What the...
You're not cheating with those women in the museum,
are you?
Are you crazy?
[Martin's exclaim]
[Mouth smack]
Great, now you're angry with me.
[Sigh]
[Martin's groan]
[Humming]
[Smooch]
[Sigh]
[Dara's sigh]
What's wrong?
It seems forced.
[Music]
Forced? Me?
[Martin] I'm ready, babe!
- [Martin] Here, touch it. Now, let's do it.
- No, not you. Me. I feel forced.
Maybe because it's been quite long.
[Music]
Then it's your problem.
[Sigh]
[Music]
Tari said maybe we need to go on a date.
- A date?
- [Dara] Yeah, like when we were dating.
Maybe dinner, dress up nicely.
Like when we first met.
[Music]
It might work.
She has a point.
I haven't brushed my teeth.
[Thud]
Hey!
[Music]
What are you doing here?
[Roma] I came in to say
I don't want to play games anymore.
[Roma] But Mom and Dad were talking.
I didn't want to interrupt.
[Martin] Roma, tell Daddy,
how long have you been here?
Since Mom said "long".
Long?
[Music]
You can't come into our room
without knocking, okay?
- [Roma] Okay.
- Let's go back to your room.
[Music]
[Gita] You look nice, Mom.
Like you're going on a date.
[Dara] Yeah, Mom's going on a date with Dad.
Right Dad?
[Gita] Huh? For what?
So he can grow it long.
[Huh]
[Gita] Grow what?
[Music]
Is Cafe Goligo still open?
I don't know if you ask me.
Why haven't we gone there again?
[Martin] That's where we had our first date.
[Dara] Yeah, I have such sweet memories
of that place with you.
[Dara] So, I'm afraid to go back.
Afraid it'll ruin the memory.
[Martin] Why would it be ruined?
What if it becomes even better?
- We could create a better memory.
- [Dara] Maybe.
[Martin] Of course we will.
[Music]
[Dara] Why don’t you ever bring this bag out
from the car?
Why bother?
- [Martin] Everything in it is the same!
- Isn’t there anything that needs to be washed?
[Martin] Nope.
[Music]
[Dara] What's this?
[Laugh]
[Martin] No, that's Anton's doing.
He gave me "that thing" for us to use.
Forget it, we're talking about Anton.
You know how he is.
This is the vibrator with the app, right?
How do you know that it's a vibrator with an app?
There's an ad on Twitter where the girl
uses it at a restaurant...
...and the guy controls it with an app.
So it really is from Anton?
Yeah, babe.
But now it's ours.
[Laugh]
Is this used?
Of course not!
Just put it away.
I was already planning to throw it anyway.
[Soft thud]
Honestly, I feel self-conscious going to Goligo.
Why?
It's a young people's place.
[Martin] What do you mean? You feel old?
[Dara] No, not like that.
Then it's the perfect place for us.
Could be.
[Music]
[Door open]
[Waiter 1] Hello, good evening.
How many people, Ma'am, Sir?
This is the Cafe Goligo, right?
Now it's called Goligold. See?
[Music]
[Mutter]
You want to go to a different place?
[Waiter 1] It's nice here now, Ma'am, Sir.
There are no teenagers, it’s not noisy.
If the teenagers are here, they make the other guests uncomfortable.
[Waiter 1] This place is highly recommended
for people like you.
It's fine, we can stay.
- Okay.
- Our old table is still in the same spot.
You still remember.
[Waiter 1] Please, Sir, Ma'am.
[Martin] Why did they change the name?
[Waiter 1] Well, all our menu items are soft, Sir.
Lots of the older people who eat here don't have teeth.
[Waiter 1] So, we've become famous
among the elderly.
- [Martin] I see.
- [Waiter 1] Yes. Please check the menu.
- [Dara] Thank you.
- [Waiter 1] You're welcome.
[Music]
[Waiter 2] Excuse me.
[Waiter 2] Here.
Actually, this place is not bad at all.
[Martin] It's kind of nice.
[Martin] I mean, everyone here,
even the older people...
[MArtin] ...are still romantic, affectionate.
Right?
[Dara] I know, right?
So we're not in the wrong place.
- [Martin] Oh God.
- [Dara] What?
- Look to your right.
- [Dara] Huh?
[Martin] Just trust me.
[Groan]
- That's the worst!
- [Dara] Then stop staring at them.
I'm not, but that's just too much.
That's your issue. You hate seeing affection.
No, I love affection. It's cute.
[Martin] But that's a no-no.
[Laugh]
At least this isn't a cafe full of
noisy teens yelling and screaming.
- That would give me a headache.
- [Martin] You're right.
I know, right?
- [Guest 1] My food is too salty!
- [Guest 2] What?
[Guest 1] Too salty! They put too much salt in it!
[Guest 2] Termites?
[Guest 1] Salt, too much salt!
My food is too salty!
Oh, I thought you said termites.
I thought you wanted to eat it with your eyes closed.
Well, go ahead and close them.
Eat with your eyes closed.
- [Guest 2] Honey, don't be fussy.
- [Guest 1] But it's salty!
[Martin] Alright, let's focus
on why we came here, okay?
Okay.
I want you to know.
My love for you hasn't changed
since the first time we met.
- Really?
- [Dara] Yeah.
Yeah, we're going through something now.
But we want to work it out, right?
Of course. I agree.
[Sigh]
Or maybe...
We're playing it too safe?
- Too safe?
- [Dara] Well...
When we make love,
I feel like it's just a routine.
We've never tried, you know...
...to spice things up?
[Chuckle]
Never tried you said?
[Martin] Did you forget about that time
in the bathtub when we almost slipped?
[Sigh and chuckle]
[Martin] Right?
That was a slippery tub, love.
[Huh]
Are you sure?
We haven't even done it in our own kitchen.
We never leave the bedroom.
[Music]
[Martin] Did you forget in Jogja,
in the back of the taxi?
Just the two of us?
You only touched my thigh,
and the driver was peeing outside.
[Music]
- Just touching your thigh?
- Uh-huh.
[Music]
[Clear throat]
Okay, so what now?
Let me ask you something.
Would you dare to do those things in public?
[Martin] Would you?
Order me number 17 from the menu,
and a mineral water.
- What? I was just asking...
- I'm just saying.
- [Martin] I was only asking...
- Trust me.
- No, I trust you. But where are you going?
- [Dara] Okay.
[Music]
I'll be right back.
Hey...
[Music]
[Waiter 1] So, sir. What would you like to order?
I already know what we're going to order.
Number 17, two portions.
And what else?
Right. Two mineral waters.
[Waiter 1] Got it, sir. We'll prepare your order.
[Music]
Where did you go? What is this?
[Soft thud]
[Martin] What? What's this for?
I already downloaded the app.
- The app?
- [Dara] Uh-huh.
- What app?
- "The app".
The remote vibrator app.
[Mutter]
[Martin] Oh, shit!
And now I have to go get it from the car?
But...
[Sigh]
You...
[Whisper]
I love you.
Let's try it.
[Martin] But I don't know how to use it.
Do you know?
Just press the menu, there are options, okay?
Let's go.
[Martin] This button?
[Vibrate noise]
[Dara's groan]
[Martin] Can you really feel it?
Really?
[Dara' groan]
[Vibrate noise]
[Music]
[Dara's groan]
[Martin] Hang on. You really can feel that?
I miss you. This is what I missed from you.
[Dara's groan]
[Shus]
Honey, don't use the full power just yet.
Lower it down a bit. Just a bit.
I can't take it. Lower it down.
[Waiter 1] Your order is ready.
[Dara's groan]
Can you hurry up, please?
[Martin] What are you staring at?
[Waiter 1] Sorry, Sir!
[Dara's groan]
[Martin] Honey?
[Guest 1] Oh, she's using a vibrator!
- Huh?
- Vibrator!
- Oh, I thought she was wearing "a vibrator".
- Right!
Turns out it's "Bogor taro"?
[Guest 1] "Bogor taro"? A Vibrator!
- [Guest 2] Yeah, Bogor taro!
- [Guest 1] Vibrator!
- [Guest 2] Bogor taro!
- Bogor taro!
- Vibrator!
[Exclaim]
[Music]
[Vehicle noises]
[Click]
[Music]
[Martin] Is it just me, or is it hot here?
I feel like taking off my pajamas.
What do you think?
Whatever.
[Music]
Are you okay?
I'm not okay.
[Music]
What are you thinking?
[Dara's sigh]
I feel like we're pathetic.
Pathetic how?
Both of us can earn money on our own.
[Dara] Both of us can solve problems on our own.
But why is the most basic thing...
...so hard?
[Clear throat]
[Martin] Honey, is sex really that big of a deal?
[Martin] I mean, I feel like we're at a stage...
[Martin] ...where our love is beyond physical...
I mean we've moved past...
...that.
[Martin] But we never know.
All these couples who look fine on the outside.
[Martin] We never know
how their sex life really is, right?
[Dara's sigh and friction of bed sheets]
I've checked with all of them.
Their sex life is healthy.
[Huh]
[Dara's sigh]
Tony and Tari?
Twice a week.
Renee, that friend of yours who eats like a slob?
In fact, Three times a week.
Nina, the assistant?
Even more, four times a week.
[Music]
What about your mom and dad?
Twice...
...a day.
[Huh]
Are you serious?
[Martin] Twice a day?
[Dara's mutter]
[Music]
Maybe it's time...
...I should start taking Viagra?
[Mutter]
I don't think it's just about you.
[Huh]
It's about me too.
Why do you say that? What do you mean?
Men need an outlet, right?
[Sigh]
[Dara] If you're no longer
physically attracted to me...
...it takes a toll on you too.
Especially since we're strictly monogamous.
[Martin's mutter]
[Fabric friction]
Right?
What?
We're still monogamous, right?
Yeah. Of course, we're always monogamous.
[Music]
[Dara] Yeah, that's why I...
[Mutter]
I was thinking maybe we should...
[Music]
What do you want to say?
Nothing.
No, tell me.
It's okay.
- No, tell me.
- Nothing. I'm sleepy.
Please?
[Music]
[Security 3] I have to check your purse.
[Notification sound]
From: Cupid Clinic
We can help with your problem
[Notification sound]
From: Cupid Clinic
We can help with your problem
[Music]
From: Cupid Clinic
Dara, we can help you and your husband Martin
Click this link. This is not a spam.
If you care about Martin.
[Music]
From: Cupid Clinic
Martin, we can help you and your wife Dara.
Click this link. This is not a spam.
If you care about Dara.
[Security 3] I have to check your bag, Sir.
From: Cupid Clinic
Martin, we can help you and your wife Dara.
Click this link. This is not a spam.
If you care about Dara.
[Music]
Honey, I got...
...a weird message.
They said they can help us.
But they know our numbers.
[Sigh]
[Martin] Is this what they said?
[Dara] How...
Same message?
See? Same message.
[Chuckle]
And if it's a spam message,
the sender would be a number, right?
But this is a name.
If it's a name, that means it's registered
with the provider, right?
And their building address
is also valid on the website.
Yeah.
Yeah what? So?
Yeah, nothing really.
[Martin] Well, it's not like we're actually
going to go there, right?
Why not?
[Martin] What if we go
and it turns out to be a scam?
Well, if it's not legit, if it's a scam...
...we'd know. We're not stupid.
No, I don't mean that.
I mean, when it comes to our names,
addresses, all our info, that's common.
People sell our data to places like that.
That's not unusual, babe.
Fine, if you're not interested.
I have to go to work now.
It's not that I'm not interested, babe.
Babe!
[Music]
[Visitor 1] Looking at this work,
makes me want to go home.
[Visitor 2] Be patient.
Tomorrow we're going to Bangkok.
[Visitor 2] Once we get there,
let's just stay in the room, okay.
[Visitor 1] Do we really have to go abroad
for that? We could just do it at home too.
[[Visitor 2] But what if the kids
hear me screaming?
[Visitor 1] You're right.
- [Visitor 1] Thank you, Cupid Clinic.
- [Visitor 2] Thank you, Cupid Clinic.
[Laugh]
Excuse me, ma'am. I accidentally overheard.
Did you mention Cupid Clinic?
Yes, we did.
Can I ask what kind of place that is?
Have you received the text message?
Yes, I did.
Go, man. I'm not even kidding.
[Visitor 2] It's so worth it.
It is expensive. But they're great.
Seriously. Right, honey?
Uh-huh.
[Laugh]
[Visitor 1] Good luck, bro.
[Music]
- Yeah, babe?
- [Martin] Are you still interested in going to that clinic?
Yeah, I am.
[Martin] Let's go now.
Don't you have work?
Nope, I've got someone on standby to cover me. So?
- Okay.
- [Martin] Okay, wait for me.
[Music]
Babe, I feel that if they can rent
a building like this...
...it must be legit. Right?
- [Dara] Of course.
- Right?
[Martin] What floor, babe? 17th?
[Dara] Yeah, 17th. Okay.
[Beep]
[Therapist 1 ]Thank you, Sir, Ma'am,
for coming to our clinic.
- [Customer 1] Thank you again.
- You're welcome.
- [Customer] Goodbye.
- Goodbye, Sir.
Good afternoon, Ma'am, Sir. How can we help you?
[Dara] Yes, we received a text...
- [Therapist 1] Under whose name?
- I'm Dara, and this is my husband Martin.
[Therapist 1] Okay, just a moment please.
[Clear throat]
[Therapist 1] Please go ahead, Sir, Ma'am.
[Therapist 1] You'll be handled
directly by Dr. Bandi. He's the best here.
- [Therapist 1] I'll take you to him.
- [Martin] Sorry, I have a question.
[Martin] How did you all know our information?
You can ask Dr. Bandi directly, Sir. Come with me.
[Music]
I don't know why, but...
I have a weird feeling.
But I'm okay.
Of course.
Do you want to go home?
[Dr. Bandi] Hello, hello!
[Dr. Bandi] Mr. Martin, Mrs. Dara.
[Dr. Bandi] So happy to meet you both.
[Dr. Bandi] Please, sit down. Sit down.
[Chuckle]
- Doctor.
- [Dr. Bandi] Yes?
[Martin] Before we go further,
I have a question that’s bothering me.
How did you and your team
know our names and our problems?
[Dr. Bandi] This clinic works by recommendation.
[Dr. Bandi] So those who've done therapy before
can recommend friends or loved ones...
...with similar issues.
For that, they get a 15% cashback.
- So this is a recommendation from family?
- [Dr. Bandi] Could be, yeah.
- Who do you think it is?
- Is it your brother Feri?
Feri? No way.
His wife gives birth every year.
Right.
Before we start, I just want to inform you
of something important.
[Dr. Bandi] Here you go.
The charges are quite high.
[Dr. Bandi] Just so you can consider it.
[Dara] Oh wow. That's a lot.
[Chuckle]
[Dr. Bandi] But don't worry.
If it doesn't work, you'll get a full 100% refund.
[Dr. Bandi] According to company policy.
- 100%?
- [Dr. Bandi] Yes.
[Dara] Can I ask something?
Out of that 100%,
how many have asked for their money back?
[Laugh]
Smart.
Zero.
Really?
Zero percent?
[Dr. Bandi] Okay, if you are sure,
we need to get your signature.
[Dr. Bandi] I'll be right back.
Well, are you sure?
Zero percent! Full refund guarantee.
[Dr. Bandi] Okay.
[Dr. Bandi] Great, thank you.
[Laugh]
[Dr. Bandi] So, for the payment,
it's 50% upfront...
...and then we can begin the therapy.
I'll pay now.
[Laugh]
- Do you accept credit cards?
- Oh, sure.
[Music]
May I have your PIN?
[Dr. Bandi] Okay.
[Dr. Bandi] Then we can begin right away.
But for the therapy, you both will be separated.
Excuse me? But why?
[Dr. Bandi] Because this isn't marriage counseling.
It's a spiritual journey.
A journey you must take individually.
I'll follow your lead. So?
- Yeah, let's do it.
- Let's do it.
[Exclaim]
[Laugh]
[Dr. Bandi] Please come in.
[Therapist 2] Hello, good evening.
How are you, Martin?
- I'm fine, thanks.
- [Therapist 2] This will of course remain confidential.
Even your wife won't know.
So you can relax.
Okay.
[Therapist 3] What are the things
that you don't like about your husband?
[Therapist 3] The more detailed, the better.
Isn't this kind of like betraying my husband?
By talking about his flaws?
I'm here as a certified medical professional.
I would never tell anyone about this.
I don't like it when she uses
her favorite shampoo.
The smell makes me nauseous.
He likes those...
...super cheesy movies.
Seriously. And then he dissects them,
analyzes everything.
The movies are so shallow.
The dialogues are so cringe.
Cupcakes. And she's so proud of her cupcakes.
Even though...
[Dara] He randomly snorts. Like, out of nowhere.
He will just be sitting there, then suddenly he snorts...
...like a buffalo.
[Therapist 2] What's your fantasy woman like?
[Martin] I like women who really need me.
Moves slowly, carries himself with grace.
Like an aristocrat.
Helpless. Not independent.
Really lets me feel her neediness.
Like a fresh graduate. That kind of vibe.
With sharp facial features, sharp jawlines.
A bit fragile.
Not too muscular.
Still has love handles, still has a tummy.
Eyes that are like...
...kind of sleepy-looking.
We would watch a film festival movie,
and afterward discuss the film.
Like in Japanese porn.
[Girly groan]
[Music]
[Clear throat]
So, how did it go?
How did it go?
It went well. Okay, I guess.
What did you talk about?
Wait, aren't we not supposed to talk about this?
I know, I'm just curious.
I mean, it's a shame.
We paid a lot, spent the whole day in the car.
And now we're breaking the rules. Right?
[Music]
Well, if it fails, we will get our money back.
- Do we want it to fail?
- No. Of course we want it to work.
Exactly.
[Music]
But I'm really confident this time it will work.
[Cindy] Dang it!
Hello?
Hello, anybody there?
[Click]
- [Martin] Hello?
- [Cindy] Yes?
Hey, who are you?
[Cindy] Sorry, sir. I'm a visitor.
[Cindy] I'm looking for my glasses, I can't see.
[Music]
[Martin] Here are your glasses.
[Exclaim]
[Music]
This place has been closed for a while.
Why are you still here?
I know, I'm sorry, Sir.
I was about to leave, but I couldn't see.
Thanks, Sir.
[Awkward chuckle]
Yeah, you're welcome.
[Music]
[Barista] Hello, what do you want to order, Sir?
[James] One hot coffee latte.
[Barista] Hot coffee latte. Anything else?
[James] That's all.
[Barista] How would you like to pay, Sir?
- [James] Using QRIS.
- [Barista] QRIS, got it.
[Music]
[Barista] You can collect your drink over there.
Thank you.
[Music]
[Clear throat]
[James] Sorry, I need a power outlet for my laptop,
and this is the only table with electricity.
Can I sit here?
[Mutter]
- Sure, go ahead.
- [James] I promise I won't bother you.
[Music]
[Martin] So, you're a college student,
and you have an assignment...
[Martin] ...to observe
some contemporary artwork here.
Yeah, I came just as it was about to close.
When I tried to sneak in, I dropped my glasses.
[Chuckle]
But the exhibition's still on tomorrow, right?
But this assignment is really important for me.
[Cindy] If I don't submit it tomorrow morning,
I could fail.
Then I'd have to retake the subject
and won't graduate this year.
I already have plans to do my Master's in the UK.
Oh, no.
Can you help me, please?
I'm really sorry.
I can't help you this time,
I'd be breaking the rules.
[Cindy] Please. Please.
[Thud]
[Laugh]
Sorry, sorry.
[James] Am I disturbing you?
[James] My laptop's fully charged now.
I can move elsewhere.
[Mutter]
You don't have to. It's okay.
[Sigh]
I've seen this movie 200 times.
[James] But I still laugh at this part.
If I may ask, what movie is it?
We're Not Afraid
. It's a French film.
I’ve watched that film three times
at the French film festival last year.
But which part is funny?
When they get divorced.
Why is that funny?
[James] Well, I just find it ironic.
They got married to be happy.
But in the end, they had to divorce to be happy.
[Mutter]
Sorry, sorry. I'm not following.
[James] Okay, so here's the thing...
[Music]
- [Martin] Hey!
- [Cindy] Hey there!
Why are you still here alone?
[cindy] My dad said he was going to pick me up.
But now I can't reach him.
[Cindy] I wanted to book an online taxi,
but I'm scared. It's already late.
Where do you live?
Cilandak.
Cilandak?
- I'm going that way too. I pass by Cilandak.
- [Cindy] Really?
- Do you want a ride?
- Are you sure? Can I?
- Of course.
- [Cindy] Thank you.
Hop in.
[Laugh]
[Dara] Exactly.
[Dara] And every movie ending doesn't always
have to be taken literally.
You're totally right.
[Laugh]
[James] Hey, did you know
there's a French cultural center next door?
[James] They're going to show
a Jean Lamarque film soon.
[Exclaim]
[James] I have two tickets.
Actually, one was for my friend.
But he can't come, he bailed out.
[James] Maybe...
...if you're free and want to come...
[Music]
[James] Okay.
[The sound of plastic and bags rubbing together]
[Music]
Oh, no.
What's wrong?
I think my dad's not home.
And I didn't bring the house key.
So what are you going to do?
[Mutter]
[Cindy] Actually, there's a cafe near my house.
Can you drop me off there instead?
Alone?
[Mutter]
Yeah.
Okay.
- [Cindy] Is that all right?
- Of course, no problem.
[Little laugh]
- Turn left up ahead.
- All right.
[Music]
[Cough]
I think I should leave.
Wait, why?
Can you stay with me for a bit?
[Cindy] I'm really scared to be alone.
[Music]
[James and Dara chatting faintly]
[James and Dara chatting and laughing faintly]
[Music]
[Sigh]
[Mutter]
[Inhale]
[Exhale]
[Music]
Oh, shit!
[Martin] Oh, shit! Shit! Shit! Shit!
[Music]
Hey, babe. I just finished work.
It was a very hectic day today at the office.
Hey, babe.
I was preparing for a new exhibition
and the schedule was totally messed up.
So I couldn't text you, I'm really sorry.
I panicked because of the deadline.
It was complete chaos, babe.
[Sigh]
Sorry I just got the time to let you know.
Okay, you must show confidence in your voice.
Be confident.
[Sigh]
[Phone vibrating voice]
- Hey, babe.
- [Martin] Hey, babe.
[Martin] I'm so sorry,
I'm minutes away from home, I'm on the way.
You won't believe what happened earlier.
There was an emergency.
I had to reorganize the museum interior
because there's an exhibition tomorrow.
[Martin] Unscheduled one. And you know what?
[Martin] A lot of staff will be absent tomorrow.
And I'm so sorry to let you know this late,
my phone was low on battery earlier.
[Martin] I'll be there in 10 minutes.
I figured you'd be asleep by now?
[Sigh and mutter]
I am. Babe, I was also super tired earlier so I...
[Dara] I just went straight to sleep.
Alright, just go to sleep now. Don't wait up.
Just sleep, babe, please.
Okay, babe.
[Martin] Okay, I love you.
[Music]
Now what?
[Crowd noise]
You've got to be kidding me.
A checkpoint now of all times?
[Sigh]
Officer, sorry, I'm in a hurry...
In a hurry? It's 3 AM!
[Sigh]
[Mutter]
[Music]
[Driver] How about my car?
I don't even have the insurance.
[Police officer 1] Calm down, Sir.
You don't need to get angry.
[Dara] Excuse me, Officer, what's going on?
Is there a random checking going on?
I'm really sorry,
could you please check my documents first?
They're all complete, sir.
I really urgently need to go home.
I have my period and I didn't bring pads.
[Police officer 2] There's no checking, ma'am.
But there was an accident earlier.
Please go ahead. Drive safely, ma'am.
Thank you, sir.
[Paramedic] Ma'am, wait!
[Dara] What is it?
- [Paramedic] You're injured, aren't you?
- No, no!
But you're bleeding! Medic! Over here, quick!
No, Sir! Sir, Sir, I'm not injured.
- [Paramedic] Calm down, calm down.
- [Dara] No, no, Sir, I'm not hurt.
- [Dara] I'm not injured.
- [Paramedic] Please sit down, ma'am.
- [Paramedic] Please calm down, ma'am.
- [Paramedic] Come on, help her.
- I'm not injured.
- I really need to go home!
- [Paramedic] But you're seriously hurt, ma'am.
[Dara] No, listen. It's just ketchup!
[Dara] See?
[Music]
[Thud]
- [Dara] Honey?
- Yeah, honey.
[Dara] I'm so exhausted.
No, I just want to brush my teeth real quick,
then I'll join you in bed, okay?
[Dara's mutter]
I fell asleep without brushing.
I want to brush my teeth too.
No, no, no.
You look exhausted.
You must've worked all day.
[Martin] My wife's been working so hard.
[Dara] If you want to go to the bathroom
to brush your teeth, take off your socks first.
- [Dara] Let me help you.
- [Martin] Help me with what?
[Dara] Taking off your socks.
[Martin] My socks?
[Music]
Why are your socks so loose?
No, my feet have gotten a bit skinnier lately.
[Dara's mutter]
Honey, I'm going to brush
my teeth real quick, okay?
After that I'll come straight to bed. Okay?
[Sound of footsteps]
[Music]
[Sigh]
Honey...
[Music]
[Utensil clanking]
What are you thinking about, babe?
Nothing.
You?
Me? Nothing.
Why, do I look tired? My eyes look sleepy?
[Sound of footsteps]
[Utensil clanking]
- [Martin] Hi, Git.
- [Gita] Hi, Dad.
Where's Roma?
In his room, still playing video games.
[Utensil clanking]
[Dara] Roma, breakfast is ready!
[Dara] You said you don't want to play
video games anymore.
[Gita] Mom, you know what?
He played games until late.
[Gita] I told him not to, but he wouldn't listen.
You guys got home very late last night.
Mom and Dad?
[Martin] You came home late too?
Didn't I tell you it had been
a hectic day for me too?
Really? I forgot.
[Martin] Babe, today's my day off.
And I know you're off too. Right?
Do you want go to that clinic again?
What clinic?
A maternity clinic?
[Music]
Are you pregnant again, Mom?
What if Mom's pregnant again?
I don't want a new sibling.
[Martin] What are you guys talking about?
[Dara] Hey, Roma, what are you holding?
Come here, let me see.
It's a PS5 stick.
- [Dara] Where'd you get that from?
- From Gita.
I found it in Mom's bag
when I asked for money yesterday.
[Sigh]
I tried to play video games with it,
but it won't connect.
This is a super high-tech joystick. Very small.
That's not... Babe, can you get it?
[Dara's breath]
- What's wrong?
- No, Mom bought the wrong one.
I don't want you to get electrocuted.
Gita, don't go through Mom's bag
like that again, okay?
[Music]
[Beep]
What's really our problem, anyway?
What do you mean?
I mean, all this time we've been fine.
We have never fought, we have never had any real issues.
What are we doing here?
And we've never cheated on each other.
Right?
Is it possible that you cheated?
Me? No way.
You?
No way.
Even though our sex life is kind of unhealthy.
That's why we came back here
for another session to work it out.
[Music]
- 17th floor, right?
- Yeah.
What?
Look. Why is the 17th floor button covered
with a sticker?
[Huh]
- Is the button spoilt?
- Maybe.
Or they've moved?
You mean the clinic has moved?
We were just here two days ago.
Fine, just press 16th floor
and we'll take the stairs up one floor.
Weird. No, let's get off on the 18th floor
and walk down one floor.
[Beep]
[Elevator door sound]
[Door open]
[Foreman] Please put them in the back room, okay?
[Martin] What the...
[Martin] What is this?
[Foreman] Yes, correct, over there.
[Foreman] That's it!
- Excuse me.
- Yes, Sir?
Has the clinic on this floor moved?
- What clinic?
- The Cupid Clinic.
- Ear Clinic?
- Cupid Clinic, Sir.
Yeah, it's a clinic.
This floor has been empty for a while now, Ma'am, Sir.
Empty? We were just here two days ago.
Maybe it was a different building?
Weird. No, it was this building. This floor.
[Martin] What is this?
Honestly, I feel like we just
got scammed or something.
What is this?
A scam? Huh? Fraud?
How could a fraud person afford a building this fancy?
Even the building staff said
they've never seen or heard of Cupid Clinic.
So what are we going to do now?
I know.
Let's check the credit card.
Well?
They already charged us.
They took our money.
Okay...
Let's just report it to the police then. Let's go.
Okay.
But what are we going to report to them?
Just the truth. We got scammed.
Tell them that it's a sexual therapy clinic
and that we can't have sex?
The news will blow up, hit the papers?
Is that what you want?
We have to report it.
[Sigh]
So nobody else gets scammed?
Yeah.
[Sigh]
[Dara] Okay then, so at least something positive
comes from our bad luck.
[Groan]
[Music]
[Dara] Honey.
Which police station are we going to report it at?
- What?
- [Dara] Which police station are we going to report it at?
Babe, I don't think we need to report it.
Trust me.
If this gets out...
...the kids will be embarrassed.
But come on, this is...
This is a therapy clinic, not a brothel.
- No, I mean, why don't we investigate first?
- [Dara] Investigate what?
Our money's gone, the office has suddenly disappeared.
What more evidence do they need?
Let's just report it.
[Phone notification sound]
[Groan]
[Music]
Honey.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Maybe we should investigate first.
Right?
[Dara] Maybe we meant well,
just trying to keep others from being scammed.
But maybe it's better
if we have more proof first, right?
Yes. I agree.
And maybe their office disappeared because...
Because they were successful. Right?
Or their revenue dropped,
so they had to move to a smaller office.
- Exactly. So true.
- Yeah.
[Music]
So what do we do now?
I don't know. Do you?
Let's just go home, we haven't eaten all day.
Should we stop somewhere first?
No. Let's just eat at home, order in.
[Dara] Can I borrow your phone?
I want to order food.
[Dara] My balance hasn't been topped up.
Yeah, I'll do it later.
[Martin] We're close to home anyway.
No, we can order now so the food's there
by the time when we get there too.
We don't need to do it now. We're almost home.
What's wrong?
We usually order food from your phone.
So what? I've got nothing to hide.
[Martin] You know what?
[Martin] I feel like we don't really respect
each other's privacy.
- Oh really?
- [Martin] Oh, really.
Okay then, let me see your phone.
Hand it over to me.
What for?
I just want to look.
I want to check all your messages.
What?
Come on, give it to me.
You don't want to give it to me because
you feel I'm violating your privacy, right?
What are you talking about?
I just want to order food from your phone.
[Phone call ringing and brake noise]
[Martin] Where did it go?
[Sigh]
[Exclaim]
Hey, that's my phone.
- Wait a minute. Don't read it.
- What's going on?
- What is it?
- [Martin] Just don't read the message.
- Why not?
- [Martin] Why not? Because it's my phone.
- Give it to me.
- No, no. You'll break it.
[Dara] Give it back to me.
What's in there? Hey, what's in there?
What's in your phone? What are you trying to hide?
[Martin] What is it? Huh?
[Huh]
[Groan]
[Music]
How could you?
How could I?
What is this?
[Horn noises]
Son of a bitch!
Hey!
[Exclaim]
What?
Roll it down!
Hey, roll it down! Now!
[Martin] Hey, man. Sorry.
How are you, man?
Roll down the window, bro.
AC isn't good for your health. Nice, bro.
[Passenger] I already told you, it's better to do
the dhuhur prayer near home.
He thought we're debt collectors.
[Passenger] Typical racist.
I feel like I don't even know you anymore.
- What?
- I don't even know you anymore!
[Martin] Hey, just so you know,
I had good intentions in the beginning.
I just wanted to drive home a museum visitor.
[Martin] She's a woman, alone at night.
So I took her home,
she said no one was at her house.
Then I drank.
Not long after, I blacked out, I was drunk.
- It’s the same for me!
- Same how?
[Dara] I also just wanted to watch
an art house movie, the kind you don't like.
[Dara] Then I drank too.
I don't even remember what happened.
I swear to God.
So that means neither of us did anything wrong.
- What do you mean nothing wrong?
- I mean nothing's wrong!
But something's wrong!
We're not honest with each other, what the hell?
[Dara] Now, this is the punishment.
[Martin] Who's punishing us?
Oh, trying to be all philosophical now?
No one's being philosophical.
I'm asking, who's punishing us, huh?
This is clearly blackmail.
We're being blackmailed!
Bastards!
[Door open]
[Music]
[Thud]
[Door open]
[Dara's sigh]
[Phone ringing]
Hello.
[Dr. Bandi] Hello, Dr. Bandi here.
Doc, what is the meaning of all this? Huh?
Are you trying to blackmail my wife and me?
Answer me!
[Laugh]
[Dr. Bandi] You people are so shallow.
All you think about is money.
We are the punishers of people like you.
All the weak people.
[Dr. Bandi] Yes, that's right. We need your money.
[Dr. Bandi] If you want your lives to stay normal
and safe from society's judgment...
[Dr. Bandi] If that recording is spread,
it will be out there forever.
[Dr. Bandi] And your children will grow up
with trauma, might even commit suicide.
Hey, shut up, you piece of shit!
[Laugh]
If I shut up, you won't know what to do.
I already asked you, how much do you want?
You're just a piece of trash!
[Phone disconnected]
- Why did you hang up?
- It wasn't me, he hung up!
Well, that's because you were just getting angry.
Why...
[Phone ringing]
Pick up the phone.
- Hello!
- [Dr. Bandi] I can't speak to your husband.
Yes, yes. Just talk to me.
So what do we have to do now?
Prepare as much money as you can.
I will tell you the next instructions.
I already told you both, you deserve all of this.
Yes, we do.
[Dr. Bandi] Neither of you
deserve to have a child.
[Dr. Bandi] It's better if your child
is given to someone else.
Hey, screw you!
How dare you lecture me about my children!
Come here! Show your face to me!
If you dare, come on!
Yeah, show him who's the boss.
Right? Show him.
- [Cindy] Thank you.
- [Driver] Welcome.
[Vehicle noises]
[Music]
[Dara] Honey! Honey!
[Dara] What is it?
[Martin] Follow me.
[Music]
Peace be upon you, Mom. I'm home!
[Exclaim]
[Chuckle]
- Hello, you.
- [Cindy] Who are you guys?
Who am I? Are you still acting? Don't play dumb.
[Dara] Honey, who is she?
This is the college student
I dropped off yesterday.
- She's the one who caused all this.
- Are you sure?
No. I didn't even graduate high school.
Whatever. Now you're coming with us
to the police station. To the police station, now.
[Mom] Peace be upon you too, Saidah.
- Mom!
- [Mom] Is that you?
Yes, Mom. My dear Mom.
- Did you bring my medicine?
- Here you go, Mom. Here's your medicine.
[Mom] Thank you, thank God.
[Thud]
- Where are you?
- [Cindy/Saidah] I'm here.
I'm glad you're still wearing the hijab.
Even though I know your job
has you coming home really late.
[Cindy/Saidah] I'm still wearing my hijab, Mom.
I just want to earn an honest living.
Honest?
Wait, whose voice is that?
Why does it sound like a man?
Oh, Saidah, Saidah...
Oh, my Lord.
I don't want any man to enter this house.
No, Mom. This is my friend.
She's a girl.
[Mom] A girl?
Her voice is just messed up.
[Mom] Oh dear, sorry. Poor thing.
Where is she, where is she?
[Mom] Where is she, where?
Where is she?
Here she is, Mom.
Oh yeah, right. This is a woman.
[Mom] Wait, but her cheeks are so hard!
Her family members are all big-built, Mom.
I see, I see.
Where is she?
Oh, right. She's definitely a real woman.
[Mom] These days, if someone wants
to look busty, what do they put in their breasts?
Solikhin.
[Cindy] It's silicone, Mom.
Now, I'm going inside now, to take my medicine.
Okay, Mom.
- Be careful, Mom.
- [Mom] I know, I know.
[Sigh]
[Cindy/Saidah] Sir, Ma'am, I'm sorry.
I was just doing my job.
But do you realize that your job
caused harm to me and my wife.
[Cindy/Saidah] Yes. Yes, sir. I know that.
But my mother would be devastated
if she found out about this.
[Cindy/Saidah] She's never been happy
in her whole life.
Do you think my wife and I aren't devastated?
We're ruined too because of you.
Now, explain everything
at the police station, okay?
- Don't worry. Let's go.
- [Cindy/Saidah] Sir! I'm just trying to support my family.
What did you say?
[Martin] Be honest with me.
You must've gotten a lot of money
from your job last night, right?
You only live with your mom.
You don't need to do what you did yesterday.
[Martin] Come on.
[Cindy/Saidah] Peter! Hans! William! Yansen!
Sir, Ma'am, these are my foster brothers.
Their parents abandoned them on the streets.
[Cindy/Saidah] I'm the one taking care of them now.
And if you take me to the police now,
they'll go back to the streets.
[Cindy/Saidah] I'm begging you, please.
Please help me and my brothers.
Honey.
- Let's go, we've seen enough.
- Enough of what?
Please.
[Music]
[Phone ringing]
[Martin] Honey, it's dr. Bandi.
[Click]
- Hello.
- [Dr. Bandi] I just heard that you tried to act smart.
[Dr. Bandi] That was the wrong and dangerous move.
[Dr. Bandi] You know I have a lot of money.
[Dr. Bandi] I don't need your money.
So, what do you want then?
[Dr. Bandi] I want you to learn.
Learn about what?
[Martin] Learn that the world is full of assholes like you,
who always take advantage of others? Huh?
[Dr. Bandi] You're not so different after all.
[Dr. Bandi] You. You know that women are fragile.
[Dr. Bandi] They need help.
[Dr. Bandi] You're older. You know better.
Ah, you talk too much!
[Dr. Bandi] Okay, I won't say anything anymore.
[Dr. Bandi] My patience has run out.
[Dr. Bandi] Do you know Central Stadium?
Why?
[Dr. Bandi] I've left my phone at the cafe across
from Central Stadium.
[Dr. Bandi] You find the phone, it has an app on it.
What app?
[Laugh]
The app that can stop your video from playing
on the largest videotron in Jakarta.
[Dr. Bandi] And you have 10 minutes.
Honey, we won't make it there.
Don't... don't be so pessimistic, darling.
That's not sexy.
[Speeding sound]
[Music]
That's the Central Stadium.
That's the cafe.
[Music]
What are we supposed to do again?
- Find the phone.
- The phone.
[Martin] But I don't know where it is.
Look under the table, or somewhere.
[Martin] Okay. Hey, how much time do we have left?
2 minutes. 2 minutes!
[Martin] Sorry, ma'am.
[Music]
[Customer 1] Ouch!
[Martin] Sorry, Sir.
[Music]
[Dara] I got it! I got it!
[Exclaim]
[Martin] What's this?
What is this?
Hey, hello. We've found the phone.
I want to hear, I want to hear.
[Dr. Bandi] One of the secrets
to a lasting family is sacrifice.
Choose whose video is to be played
on the largest videotron in this city.
[Dr. Bandi] If you refuse to choose...
...I'll play both.
[Martin] What do you mean, choose?
You want me to choose
between my video and my wife's?
- Darling...
- You bastard!
You're not human!
[Dr. Bandi] That's not the right answer.
Darling! Listen, I've chosen.
Let him play my video.
[Martin] What are you talking about?
It's not your decision to make.
- [Customer 2] What's going on here?
- [Customer 1] Watch where you’re going.
[Martin] Don't do it!
[Dara] Let them play my video!
You're the mother of our children! No!
[Thud]
[Music]
[Sob]
[Movie noises]
[Laugh]
[Heavy breath]
[Sob]
[Laugh]
[Dr. Bandi] I'm entertained.
[Dr. Bandi] I've changed my mind.
[Laugh]
Hey, bastard! Hello, bastard!
Fuck you, bastard!
Are you going to curse all day long?
It's like a dialogue from a screenplay writer
who's running out of ideas...
...or chasing a deadline.
[Martin] Hey, enough talking, answer me!
What do you want, asshole? Answer me.
Money!
Money is more interesting!
I want 5 billion.
Get the money ready today,
and I will give you further instructions tomorrow morning.
[Music]
Fuck.
[Sob]
[Door open and close]
[Music]
[Phone ringing]
Is he calling you again?
Hello?
[Tari] Where are you?
Just got back from work.
[Tari] Grandma wants us all to come.
But we were there a few days ago.
[Tari] You know how it is when grandma asks us
to come. Hurry up and come here.
Grandma has asked us to come to her house.
Let's just go home.
Home?
Or should we just go to grandma's house?
We need to borrow some money from them.
[Music]
[Dad] Hey.
[Crowd noises]
[Martin] Hi!
[Thud]
- [Grandma] Hello, darling.
- [Martin] Auntie.
[Mom] Just got home from work.
[Crowd noises]
- [Tari] Hi, Dar.
- Hey.
[Crowd noises]
I need to drink. I'm going to the kitchen.
We don't need to stay here too long.
We tell everyone that we need to borrow money.
Yes, but what are we going to tell them?
The truth.
Tell them everything from the beginning.
Once this is over, let's sit together.
We need to talk about our marriage...
...and what's best for the children.
[Huh]
What do you mean?
Don't play dumb.
Or are you really that dumb?
[Tari] Dara. Dara.
[Dad] Dar, come here, Dar.
[Tari] Come here.
Grandma is about to play your video.
Our video?
What video? I didn't send any video.
Let's play the video.
[Exclaim]
[Dara] Maybe I'm just bored.
We're like night and day when it comes to interests.
[Dara] For example, I like jazz music,
he likes new age.
[Dara] In my opinion,
new age should only be played in an elevator.
I don't like the way she talks to me at all.
Like she is my boss. Bossing me around.
[Martin] Well, when we first got married,
I didn't think much of it.
[Martin] But after 10 years...
...the feeling is not there anymore.
Married to her feels like work.
I Thought about getting a divorce?
Honestly...
...I've thought about it.
Maybe there's a better partner out there.
[Sob]
[Martin] I'm starting to think
that getting married...
...might not be such a good idea after all.
[Therapist] What do you love about each other?
[Sob]
[Sigh]
Martin is...
...the person who loves me the most.
[Laugh]
[Dara] When we would walk in the rain
without an umbrella...
...he would always cover my head with his hand.
[Laugh]
[Martin] I never feel...
[Music]
...like I want to lay my head on someone else
like I want to lay my head on Dara's shoulder.
[Laugh]
[Dara] Sometimes, often, even...
[Dara] ...I close my eyes,
imagining that I'm old...
...and wrinkly, like my grandma.
[Laugh]
[Dara] Living alone with him.
Visited by children and grandchildren.
Then I look around,
who could be my husband in my imagination?
The only person I can see is Martin.
[Music]
[Laugh]
He's also all wrinkly.
But he's even more handsome.
[Booed and laugh]
[Family member] No doubt.
[Martin] Given the chance to be born again.
[Martin] If you asked me...
[Music]
...who I'd want to live with?
I wouldn't think twice.
I'd want to live with Dara again.
[Laugh]
[Music]
[Sob]
[Laugh]
[Music]
[Notification sound]
[Laugh]
[Music]
Congratulations
Your therapy from Cupid Clinic is complete.
[Music]
Congratulations
Your therapy from Cupid Clinic is complete.
[Crowd giving congratulate]
[Laugh]
[Family member] What is it?
[Music]
[Booing]
[Cheers and laugh]
[Music]
[Client] When you've been married a while,
you can't expect things to be like...
[Client] ...they were in the beginning.
A new bike and an old bike,
it'll definitely feel different.
But the old bike is always better.
Cause you've learned how to ride it well,
and gotten better at it.
A long marriage means you're not worried
about your partner knowing...
...your stupid mistakes.
If we're really stupid, and if we're scolded...
...don't take it to heart.
Because if you take it to heart,
you'll be scolded again tomorrow.
Life isn't gambling, according to us.
[Interviewer] So what is it?
It's an investment.
[Laugh]
[Interviewer] There's also a risk to it.
There is no such thing as a failed investment
when it comes to love.
Because love's worth never goes down. Right?
That's deep.
[Laugh]
Did you lock the door?
[Mutter]
Yes, I did.
Good.
[Laugh]
[Smooch]
What song are you looking for?
A song to make a baby...
[Laugh]
[Smooch]
[Music]
Oh God.
This is the only song to make babies.
Make us even hornier!
[Groan]
[Thud and groan]
[Groan and thud]
[Groan]
[Music]